# Q0: Why is this error being thrown?
	There is no model for pokemons, so it is an "uninitialized constant."

# Q1: How are the random Pokemon appearing? What is the common factor between all the possible Pokemon that appear? *
	They are randomly created in the seeds file. The common factor is that they do not have a trainer and that their level in a random number in the range of 1 to 20.

# Question 2a: What does the following line do "<%= button_to "Throw a Pokeball!", capture_path(id: @pokemon), :class => "button medium", :method => :patch %>"? Be specific about what "capture_path(id: @pokemon)" is doing. If you're having trouble, look at the Help section in the README.
	This creates a button with the text "Throw a Pokeball!" that directs to capture_path/the_id_of_the_wild_pokemon so that that id can be grabbed by the capture method in the PokemonController. The method specified in this line is patch, so it will look for a patch method with capture_path in the routes.

# Question 3: What would you name your own Pokemon?
	Mew?

# Question 4: What did you pass into the redirect_to? If it is a path, what did that path need? If it is not a path, why is it okay not to have a path here?
	the path named trainer_path autogenerated by the resource command in routes.rb
	It needs the id number of the trainer of that pokemon to correctly route back to the trainer page.

# Question 5: Explain how putting this line "flash[:error] = @pokemon.errors.full_messages.to_sentence" shows error messages on your form.
	The flash can take in privitive types (in this case a string) and display it. The @pokemon.errors.full_messages returns an array of all the validation error messages. The "to_sentences" part makes it a string.
	

# Give us feedback on the project and decal below!
	The structure and content of the instructions are very helpful!

# Extra credit: Link your Heroku deployed app
